# bad-date-buzzer
Ever been sorely disappointed by a Tinder swipe, forced to eat a restaurant with no gluten-free food by an inconsiderate date that looks nothing like their online profile picture?   No worries, you can drop that date ASAP with the Bad Date Bail-Out Buzzer! Hide it discreetly in a purse or a briefcase and bring it with you on a date and never have to worry about sitting through an hour of mediocre spaghetti and even more mediocre conversation. Once your date has mentioned their ex for the 5th time or whenever you decide that you no longer want to pretend like you don't see them chewing with their mouth open, just activate one of the 3 sensors that the bad date buzzer uses to detect your need for escape! Your phone will ring once the text is received, and you can use your acting skills to react to the emergency message now on your phone.

The Bad Date Bail-Out Buzzer is essentially an Arduino Uno equipped with a Wifi-Shield and is linked with ThingSpeak, an app channel that we use in our Arduino code in order to access Twilio, a wifi-based text messaging service. The 3 sensors we used were an accelerometer, a photoresistor, and an emergency push button.   The accelerometer responds to hefty shakes to the bag or purse that you put the buzzer in, while the photoresistor will activate the SMS trigger once you open your purse, exposing it to light. And if those sensors are unable to be activated due to poor lighting conditions or inability to shake the purse discreetly, just use the emergency push button to trigger an SMS. 

With the Bad Date Bail-Out Buzzer, you will never be stuck on a bad date again. Go ahead, ask that one guy in your CIS class to coffee even though your friends say he might be crazy. Because if he is, you can bail! Also, keep swiping on Tinder with peace of mind knowing that you can dine with your matches and leave before the check arrives!

